all right so this is Chris wolf hello
she's an expert and chicken to slug
warfare uh and and she has war ferrets
the food chain oh oh my mistake
stated food chain oh oh okay all right
well I'm learning here I'm learning I'm
a little slow on the uptake so what do
you got there you've got the one set of
combatants I mean the feed the food
would you like a whole Slugger should we
show the toilets let's do the whole slug
see how well these guys are already
trained up okay take this little native
banana slug right here all right drop it
in front of one there they go and
they're off and running
dude they're back the Warfare's between
the chickens oh this lock who gets to
eat the slug the other chickens seem to
believe that sharing is good but the one
with the slug isn't a big believer in
sharing this could take a while it's
very entertaining though some happen I
think I think there was a fumble oh oh
oh
so maybe another handoff yeah there's
not much left it's already pretty chewed
up curries they cooperate by both
grabbing the slug and ripping it in half
okay so now uh when these chickens were
first here they weren't too keen on the
slugs I'm told well I think they'd only
eaten grain and they haven't really seen
a slug so I don't think they knew what
to do with it and you came up with a
technique to help them learn about the
joy of slugs all right and now you're
going to demonstrate this technique gory
technique all right
scissor method the scissor method
because they were small young chickens I
didn't think they could eat a whole slug
so I cut the slug into pieces it seemed
like the size but a chicken could eat so
just started by kind of dangling a slug
head over the chicken coop and slipping
it off there you go
and and they seemed keen on that there
it goes the chicken can easily eat and
they really like the guts inside the
slug so when you cut this leg into
pieces it allows them to enjoy the guts
and then they really get a taste for
slug after that so now when we throw in
a whole slug there well they they love
them yep well that that seems like time
well-spent cuz now whenever you move
them anywhere they they're probably
powerful keen on slugs yep as you can
see they must rather chase a slug around
then
either all right we're gonna do another
hole slug do another hole slug this
there's a hole slug whoa we got it we're
on the run it's a happening thing slugs
are awesome you know looking at the
reaction on their little chicken faces
I'm thinking that these chickens are
slug deprived turn them into slug at it
hahahahahaha
if you like this sort of thing come on
out to the forums at permease com where
we talk about raising chickens
homesteading and permaculture all the
time